.\" Copyright (c) 2015, 2019 Rausch Aurélien
.\"
.\" %%%LICENSE_START(GPLv2+_DOC_FULL)
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, see
.\" <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\" %%%LICENSE_END
.TH "ALL-VALIDATE" "8" "05/05/2019" "Linux-PAM Manual" "Linux\-PAM Manual"
.SH NAME
all-validate \- Validate a pending command from \fBpam_all\fR(8) module 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B \fBall-validate\fR [\fB-l\fR]

.B \fBall-validate\fR 
[\fB-y\fR | \fB-c\fR] \fIPID\fR [\fIPID_1 PID_2 PID_3\fR \&.\&.\&.] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
all-validate allows you to list, validate or cancel pending commands 
identified by their \fIPID\fR.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB-h\fR, \fB-\-help\fR
.RS 4
Displays the help message.
.RE
.PP
\fB-l, -\-list\fR
.RS 4
Displays the detailed list of pending requests.
.RE
.PP
\fB-y\fR, \fB-\-yes\fR
.RS 4
When you validate a command, the \fB-y\fR option will not ask you for 
confirmation. 
.RE
.PP
\fB-c\fR, \fB-\-cancel\fR 
.RS 4
Cancel one or more commands. You can only cancel your own commands.  
.RE
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
.PP
1
.RS 4
Applicaton returned an error\&.
.RE
.PP
0
.RS 4
Everything was successful\&.
.RE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fBpam_all\fR(8),
\fBpam.d\fR(5),
\fBpam\fR(8),
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
all-validate was written by Aurelien Rausch <aurel@aurel-r.fr>
