.\" Copyright (c) 2015, 2019 Rausch Aurélien
.\"
.\" %%%LICENSE_START(GPLv2+_DOC_FULL)
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, see
.\" <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\" %%%LICENSE_END
.TH "PAM_ALL" "8" "05/05/2019" "Linux-PAM Manual" "Linux\-PAM Manual"
.SH NAME
pam_all \- Put sudo command on hold until it is validated by a quorum of
administrators 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B \fBpam_all\&.so\fR 
[debug] [silent]
group=\fIGROUP\fR
quorum=\fIN\fR
[timeout=\fIN\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This module provides an authentication system in an administrator group when 
executing a command requiring root privileges. The command is  
temporarily put on hold until it is validated by a quorum of administrators. 
This module addresses various issues such as the intrusion of a malicious user 
into the system, threats against one of the administrators, or simply 
administration or configuration errors.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fBdebug\fR
.RS 4
Activates debugging messages sent to \fBsyslog\fR(3)\&.
.RE
.PP
\fBsilent\fR
.RS 4
Disables the sending of text messages for the application\&.
.RE
.PP
\fBgroup=\fR\fIGROUP\fR
.RS 4
The unix group of administrators\&.
.RE
.PP
\fBquorum=\fR\fIN\fR
.RS 4
The group quorum with 2 <= \fIN\fR <= number of users in the group\&.
.RE
.PP
\fBtimeout=\fR\fIN\fR
.RS 4
Waiting period (in seconds) after which the request is aborted. The default
value is \fI3600\fR and a value of \fI0\fR means that there is no timeout\&.
.RE

.SH "MODULE TYPES PROVIDED"
.PP
Only the \fBauth\fR module type is provided\&.
.SH "RETURN VALUES"
.PP
PAM_AUTH_ERR
.RS 4
The conditions necessary for the validation of the command are not sufficient\&. 
.RE
.PP
PAM_IGNORE
.RS 4
A configuration error has been detected, the module cannot run correctly\&. 
.RE
.PP
PAM_SUCCESS
.RS 4
Everything was successful\&.
.RE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
\fBall-validate\fR(8),
\fBpam.d\fR(5),
\fBpam\fR(8),
\fBsudo\fR(8),
\fBsudoers\fR(5),
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
pam_all was written by Aurelien Rausch <aurel@aurel-r.fr>
